don't leave home without your piece you
ain't bout that Jojo ass don't sleep you
ain't bout that catch you up didn't
wanna creep you ain't bout that you
ain't bout that you ain't bout that
don't let me catch you in the street you
ain't bout that so this lame last week
you ain't bout that hit em up but the
heat you ain't bout that you ain't bout
that you ain't about that you don't know
about this dish you'll know about that
that the water with the pyrex endings
doing that crack crack then you put it
in the bag next I'll to the block blocks
up vista with the swags what quick feet
were chased by the cops um I tried close
bear bear let's believe it won't tell
what me and my niggas L just know we got
cocktails room trapping all day long
long count bread all nite nite fucking
all these hoes short fish or 10 the bat
took my street talk there's been grand
sight big smiles did not lie someone's
gonna be dead night cover with that way
she laying breathless and street nigga
shit here said prayer lord I lay me down
to sleep don't leave home without your
peace you ain't
so Joe ass don't sleep you aint bout
that catch you up they wanna creep you
ain't bout that you ain't bout that you
ain't bout
don't let me catch you in the street you
ain't bout dead so this lame last week
you ain't bout that it alone but the
heat you ain't bout that
can't live your life dam broke cuts
across the way if I hear you cloths and
can toss your wax off the rage if I hate
these niggas talkin shit Marilyn Manson
Peter only do that lost is rare have
them looking for a family oh the kids
only time you getting fried it's all the
French Larry Lee a lot of niggas family
if Tina killing me is cuz they not
hearing me cops running staring huh but
when I i thought the quicksand call for
backup get some niggas scared of me I
can help you niggas move your joints
like they're abyss never cleared ever
pitch hooking be compared to me don't
leave home without your peace you aint
bout dad Jojo ass don't sleep you ain't
bout that
catch you up they wanna creep you ain't
bout that you ain't bout that you ain't
bout that don't let me catch you in the
street you ain't bout dad show this lame
last week you ain't bout that hit em up
with the heat you ain't bout that you
ain't bout that you ain't about that go
win love the win and a high pitch come
on some show winning sluts will win
straight to your back you don't really
really want this G cat monkey at Wesley
bad you all really really want to have
to me Dad you already know you can't be
dad and fred beans I know you seen that
like Fat Joe McLean back country was
deep son where your team at I mean that
rocked in class you'll join the search
for less yeah wish I hang on my name
ain't alt okay Picasso but you ain't
your red dot on your chance last thing
you saw mommy's moving around slugging
you all hmm so that means i'ma go get up
shit all day I'm a slow shitter rap
games llama I'm a flow spitter stay with
that bread I'm by my door nigga don't
leave home without your piece you ain't
dad Jojo ass don't sleep you aint bout
that
catch you up they wanna creep you ain't
bout that you wave out there
don't let me catch you in the street you
ain't bout
so this lame last week you ain't bout
that hit along with the heat you ain't
bout that you weigh about that you ain't
about that